| Document Number: | N4679                                           |
| -----------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| Date:            | 2017-07-29                                      |
| Reply to:        | gorn@microsoft.com                              |


Editor's report for the Coroutines TS
===================================

## New papers

- N4680 is the final coroutine TS draft. It replaces N4663.
- N4679 is this Editor's Report for the Coroutines TS.

## Notable changes

- Applied changes from P0664R1

## Editorial changes

- Replaced PDTS on the front page with TS.
- Proposed wording for issue 15 missed adding constexpr to declarations of comparison operators in synopsis. Fixed by adding constexpr to the declarations in synopsis.
- Fixed typo in resolution of issue 23: "`coroutine_handle<Promise<`" => "`coroutine_handle<Promise>`". 
- Moved example from paragraph 8.4.4/12 to paragraph 8.4.4/8 where it belongs. A year ago paragraph 12 was reordered to be paragraph 8, but the related example was not moved and stayed attached to the wrong paragraph. Fixed now. 
- Adjusted the date of the feature test macro to 201707
- Removed the acknowledgements paragraph 4.1 
- Reworded 18.11.1/2 from:
  - A program may specialize this template. Such specialization shall define a publicly accessible nested type named \tcode{promise_type}.
  to
  - All specializations of this template shall define a publicly accessible nested type named \tcode{promise_type}.
- Reworded 18.11.2/2 from:
  - The behavior of a program that adds specializations for \tcode{coroutine_handle} is undefined.
  to
  - If a program declares an explicit or partial specialization of \tcode{coroutine_handle}, the behavior is undefined.

## Acknowledgments

We wish to thank all of the reviewers as well as editing committee members: Geoffrey Romer, Bryce Lelbach, and Marshall Clow.

